Fix deprecated example in README (#530)
updatecli/updatecli: README.adoc

2. Conditions: Ensure that conditions are met based on the value retrieved during the source stage.

> 3. Target: Update and publish the target files based on a value retrieved from the source stage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Targets: Update and publish the target files based on a value retrieved from the source stage.
```

**A Quick-start is available on link:https://www.updatecli.io/docs/prologue/quick-start/[www.updatecli.io/docs/prologue/quick-start]**

== Feature

> * *Flexibility*: Easy to define tailored update strategies, you are just one yaml file to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Flexibility*: Easy to define tailored update strategies, you are just one yaml file from it.
```

== Why

> They are many projects out there which can continuously update your files, but they all have an opinionated way of doing it and they often want you to adopt a new platform. Building and distributing softwares is a difficult task and good practices constantly evolve. Updatecli was built to work independently wherever you need, and combining whatever workflow you are using, as you can see in the following section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are already many projects out there which can continuously update your files, but they all have an opinionated way of doing it and they often want you to adopt a new platform. 
Building and distributing software is a difficult task and good practices constantly evolve. 
Updatecli was built to work independently of the underlying dependencies to update, wherever you need it and combining whatever workflow you are using, as you can see in the following section.
```

Reviewer 2: (One line per sentence is clearly easier to read and review in markdown/asciidoctor at least)

== Installation

> Updatecli is a simple Go binary, available for Linux, MacOS, Windows. It can be downloaded from the link:https://github.com/updatecli/updatecli/releases[release page], or installed via link:https://www.updatecli.io/docs/prologue/installation/[other methods].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Updatecli is a Go binary available for Linux, MacOS and Windows from the link:https://github.com/updatecli/updatecli/releases[release page] or installed via link:https://www.updatecli.io/docs/prologue/installation/[other methods].
```

- Never use "just" or "simple": it's demotivating and is a poor english syntax :)
-Oxford comma (don't awake Tyler ;) )

Author: > Never use "just" or "simple": it's demotivating and is a poor english syntax :)
You are definitely right, but there are bad habits that are difficult to get rid of

== Documentation

The updatecli documentation is available on link:https://www.updatecli.io/docs/prologue/introduction/[www.updatecli.io], but feel free to look at the example section to get an overview of how updatecli works.

== Contributing

As a community-oriented project, all contributions are greatly appreciated!

Here is a non-exhaustive list of possible contributions:

* ⭐️ this repository.
* Propose a new feature request.
* Highlight an existing feature request with :thumbsup:.
* Contribute to any repository in the link:https://github.com/updatecli/[updatecli] organization
* Share the love

> More information available on link:https://github.com/updatecli/updatecli/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.adoc[CONTRIBUTING]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
More information available at link:https://github.com/updatecli/updatecli/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.adoc[CONTRIBUTING]
```

> They are many projects out there, which can continuously update your files but they all have an opinionated way of doing it and they often want you to adopt a new platform. Building and distributing software is a difficult thing and good practices constantly evolve. Updatecli was built to work independently wherever you need, and combining whatever workflow you are using as you can see in the following section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They are many projects out there which can continuously update your files, but they all have an opinionated way of doing it and they often want you to adopt a new platform. Building and distributing softwares is a difficult task and good practices constantly evolve. Updatecli was built to work independently wherever you need, and combining whatever workflow you are using, as you can see in the following section.
```

== Installation

> Updatecli is a simple Go binary available for Linux, MacOS, Windows. It can be downloaded from the link:https://github.com/updatecli/updatecli/releases[release page]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updatecli is a simple Go binary, available for Linux, MacOS, Windows. It can be downloaded from the link:https://github.com/updatecli/updatecli/releases[release page], or installed via link:https://www.updatecli.io/docs/prologue/installation/[different other methods].
```

== Documentation

Documentation for updatecli is available on link:https://www.updatecli.io/docs/prologue/introduction/[www.updatecli.io] but feel free to look at the example section to get an overview of how updatecli works.

== Contributing

> This is a community-oriented project, all contributions are greatly appreciated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a community-oriented project, all contributions are greatly appreciated!
```

> Here is a non-exhaustive list of contributions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is a non-exhaustive list of possible contributions:
```

[cols="2a,2a"]
|===
|```
## updatecli.yamltitle: Update Jenkins Version

scms:
  default:
    kind: github
    spec:
      user: olblak
      email: me@olblak.com
      owner: "olblak"
      repository: "charts"
      token: mySecretTokenWhichShouldNeverUsedThisWay
      username: olblak

>       branch: "main"

Reviewer: I would either quote all values or either none, but not mix both.

sources:
  jenkins:
    name: Get latest Jenkins version
    kind: jenkins
    spec:
      release: weekly

conditions:
  docker:
    name: "Test if Docker Image Published on Registry"

>     sourceID: jenkins

Reviewer: Only one source, I would omit this optional line as we're showing a simple example.

Author: I removed the sourceID , thanks very much for catching that

    kind: dockerImage
    spec:

>       image: "jenkins/jenkins"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      image: "jenkinsci/jenkins"
```

Author: I am reverting this, the official docker image `jenkins/jenkins`
https://hub.docker.com/r/jenkins/jenkins/
https://hub.docker.com/r/jenkinsci/jenkins/ is deprecated

Reviewer: My bad, sorry, the habit :P

targets:
  bumpJenkins:

>     name: "jenkins/jenkins docker tag"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    name: "jenkinsci/jenkins docker tag"
```

>     sourceID: jenkins

Reviewer: Same as above, less is more.

Author: `sourceID` is mandatory. 
It doesn't try to be smart, which could be an improvement

Reviewer: Are you sure? For me, one source = no need to specify it

Last time (of many) I've done like that: https://github.com/jenkins-infra/docker-helmfile/blob/main/updatecli/updatecli.d/doctl.yml

Author: Interesting, that was my understanding as well but I tried this morning and it didn't work but maybe I did something wrong

Reviewer 2: - https://github.com/updatecli/updatecli/blob/main/pkg/core/config/main.go#L206-L217 shows us that, for conditions, when the attribute `disablesourceinput` isn't specified, or set to `false`, then updatecli uses the only source available (or errors if there are multiple sources).
- https://github.com/updatecli/updatecli/blob/main/pkg/core/config/main.go#L244-L253 shows the same behavior for targets.

Author: That's true, it works, I was confused by the message `No architecture specified for the image "registry-1.docker.io/jenkins/jenkins:".`

from

```
WARNING: No architecture specified for the image "registry-1.docker.io/jenkins/jenkins:". Using the default "amd64".
✔ The Docker image registry-1.docker.io/jenkins/jenkins:2.335 exists and is available.

```

|===
|```
## updatecli.yaml
title: Update Jenkins Version

scms:
  default:
    kind: github
    spec:
      user: olblak
      email: me@olblak.com
      owner: olblak
      repository: charts
      token: mySecretTokenWhichShouldNeverUsedThisWay
      username: olblak
      branch: main

sources:
  jenkins:
    name: Get latest Jenkins version
    kind: jenkins
    spec:
      release: weekly

conditions:
  docker:

>     name: "Test if Docker Image Published on Registry"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    name: Test if Docker Image Published on Registry
```
(Last line with `"`)
